My Book Library - Project Documentation
Introduction
My Book Library is a web application that enables users to search for books using the Google Books API, view detailed information, and manage a personal reading list stored in the browser's Local Storage. The app features a colorful and responsive design with interactive elements for an engaging user experience.

Features
Centralized Search Bar: On initial load, the search bar is prominently displayed in the center of the page.
Random Book Recommendations: Before any search is conducted, the app displays recommended books below the search bar.
Dynamic Search Experience: After performing a search, the search bar moves to the top of the page, and search results are displayed below.
Book Details Modal: Users can view detailed information about a book in a modal window.
Personal Reading List: Ability to add books to a personal reading list, which is saved using the browser's local storage.
Responsive Design: The app adapts to different screen sizes for optimal viewing on desktops, tablets, and mobile devices.
Technologies Used
HTML5
CSS3
JavaScript (ES6+)
Google Books API
Local Storage API
Setup Instructions
Download or Clone the Project Files

Obtain the index.html, styles.css, and script.js files.
Set Up a Local Server

Option 1: Use VS Code Live Server Extension
Install the Live Server extension in Visual Studio Code.
Open the project folder in VS Code.
Right-click on index.html and select "Open with Live Server".
Option 2: Use Python Simple HTTP Server
Open a terminal in the project directory.
Run the following command:
BASH

python -m http.server 8000
Open http://localhost:8000 in your web browser.
Run the Application

Ensure your local server is running.
Navigate to the appropriate localhost URL in your browser.
Usage Guide
Initial View

When the application loads, the search bar is centered on the page.
Random recommended books are displayed below the search bar.
Searching for Books

Enter a keyword, title, or author into the search input field.
Click the "Search" button.
The search bar will move to the top of the page.
Search results will display below the search bar.
Viewing Book Details

Click "View Details" on a book card to open a modal window.
The modal displays detailed information, including the title, author(s), cover image, and description.
Click the "×" button or outside the modal to close it.
Managing the Reading List

Adding Books
On any book card, click "Add to Reading List" to save the book.
Viewing Reading List
Click "My Reading List" in the navigation bar to view saved books.
Removing Books
In the reading list, click "Remove from List" on a book card to delete it from your list.
Navigation

Use the navigation links at the top to switch between Search Books and My Reading List.
Returning to Search Books resets the view to the search bar in the middle with recommendations displayed.
Notes
Local Storage Persistence
The reading list is saved in your browser's local storage and will persist between sessions unless you clear your browser data.
API Usage
The app uses the Google Books API to fetch book data. Ensure you have an active internet connection.
Responsive Design
The application is designed to work well on various screen sizes, from desktop to mobile.